2026 Investment Adviser Written Examination
Each registered investment adviser is required to complete the examination in the electronic format provided no later than June 30, 2026.

1. Does your advisory firm engage in the solicitation of business for other investment advisers, whether or not compensation is received?
If Yes, provide the name(s) and CRD/IARD number(s), if applicable.

2. Describe the organization of the advisory firm, including ownership and control persons.

3. How many clients did the firm have as of December 31, 2025?

4. Does your advisory firm offer financial planning services?

5. Does your firm or any affiliated person, including any investment adviser representative, principal or other entity under common control, sell life insurance or any type of annuity product?

6. Does your advisory firm offer asset management services?
If Yes, provide the following:
a. Total value of "assets under management" as of December 31, 2025 in USD:
b. % of your advisory firm’s 2025 revenues from asset management services:

7. Does the firm have investment concentration in any single issuer or strategy?

8. Does your advisory firm charge clients fees of more than $500 per client and six or more months in advance?

9. Does the firm have custody of client funds or securities?

10. Does the firm have discretionary authority over client accounts?

11. Does the firm have a code of ethics addressing conflicts of interest?

12. Does the firm monitor outside business activities of its investment adviser representatives?

13. Does the firm advertise or market through seminars?

14. Does the firm use social media to solicit clients?

15. Does the firm recommend digital assets?

16. Does the firm recommend cryptocurrency or related products?

17. Does the firm recommend non-fungible tokens (NFTs)?

18. Does the firm use artificial intelligence technologies for data gathering, research, advertising, or other purposes?

19. Does the firm maintain cybersecurity policies and procedures?

20. Does the firm use unregistered third-party platforms to access held-away accounts using client credentials?

21. Does the firm maintain a business continuity plan?

22. Did the firm receive any client complaints during the examination year?

23. Does the firm have policies regarding senior investors or vulnerable adults?

24. Is the advisory firm solvent as defined in the glossary?

25. Does the firm maintain written compliance policies and procedures designed to prevent and detect violations, including representative oversight?
Upload a copy of the table of contents of the compliance manual if Yes.
